If you got lucky with that Tinder date, only
to wake up under a desolate bridge tied up
in a wheelchair, and your lover told you they
cursed you with a sexually transmitted demon
that is going to come after you.
That it could look like anyone, but it never
stops, it just follows you until it kills
you.
What do you do?
In this video on Nerd Explains, I’ll tell
you: How to Kill, the Monster from, It Follows.
In the movie, your lover is kind enough to
actually show you the entity that is after
you, AKA a naked woman shuffling towards you
under a bridge at night.
They then take you home so you can have a
head start avoiding this thing.
There is no doubt in your mind that something
is coming for you considering what you saw,
but also that you might be certifiably crazy.
Either way, you need to figure out what to
do
Right before we jump in though, if you find
these types of videos entertaining, consider
clicking the like and subscribe buttons as
it really helps me to make more.
Before your date runs away, you have to convince
them that you can fight this thing, but you
need to know what you are dealing with and
stick together.
So, what do they know about this thing?
They tell you it slowly walks towards you,
never sleeps, never stops, until it gets close
enough to turn you into a pretzel or otherwise
brutally kill you.
It can take the form of anyone.
It kills in a chain, and if you have sex with
someone you pass it on them an so forth.
Nobody can see the entity but the victims.
As far as they know, none of the other victims
have attempted to stop it, they’ve all just
ran or passed it on.
Just like this punk bitch did to you.
Wait a second.. this thing is basically a
discount Pennywise..
Anyways, it seems obvious you should call
the cops, I mean, this pretty much seems like
a crazy stalker serial killer.
But you’ve never seen old ladies shuffle
towards you in public, coldly and unceasingly
staring into your eyes, what stalker does
that, what stalker can change forms, or is
it multiple stalkers, this whole thing is
fucking crazy.
And the other victim is adamant that nobody
else can see it but you.
If that’s true the police will think you’re
crazy and probably detain you, which will
get you killed.
You need to buy some time to think and make
a plan, but first you need to avoid getting
killed.
You can keep it at a distance by walking.
So with the other victim, walk to an open
area away from people, you don’t want to
be indoors and get trapped or bump into the
entity accidentally.
Watch for any naked elderly women or deceased
family members shuffling towards you.
Get to your car, fill it up with gas, energy
drinks so you don’t get tired and doze off,
snacks, pull some ATM money out, and start
driving, just anywhere.
Now you need to prove to yourself that you
aren’t crazy.
Call a friend or family member.
Tell them to meet you at an isolated location.
Tell them it’s serious and you need their
help.
Don’t make them panic and call the police,
that would just complicate the situation.
You just need to figure out if you’re crazy
or not.
Once they arrive, tell them you think someone
is after you.
Once the entity appears, point it out.
Once your friend tells you they don’t see
the thing, you’re probably going to realize,
holy shit, either I am crazy or this thing
really is invisible to non-victims.
Grab your drink and throw it at the entity.
It bounces off an invisible object from the
perspective of your friend.
That confirms that this thing is a real physical
being, you learn it’s invisible to everyone
but the victims, and very importantly, you
know you’re not crazy.
This isn’t a crazy stalker, this is something
unnatural.
Get back to your car and get on the road again.
What can you do?
If you just start having sex with randos,
you are effectively killing tons of people,
and even if you’re a sociopath, you have
no idea when the entity kills its way up the
chain back to you, you lose all awareness
and give it the complete element of surprise.
You have to look over your shoulder for the
rest of your life.
Every time you go to sleep you could wake
up dead.
You could probably make traveling work, but
again, the sheer mental burden of having to
look over your shoulder for the rest of your
life will destroy you.
Even if you can sustainably travel around
avoiding the entity for the rest of your life,
you can’t really have sex morally, and you
don’t know if this entity can change the
rules.
Who says it has to walk slowly, who says it
can’t wait for you when you get back.
You could get on a boat and go to sea.
But if you’re wrong about the entity’s
ability to swim, it’s speed, or anything
else, and you turn around and see the monster
climbing onto the boat while you're anchored
at sea.
You are fucked.
You could try to trap it by enlisting some
friends to help dig a hole in the ground in
a remote field, then knock the monster into
the hole and pour concrete on top of it.
You don’t know how strong this thing is
or what its shapeshifting abilities are, or
if it will sense the trap and avoid it.
It can turn into a child or a tall man, maybe
it could do some T1000 terminator shit to
ooze out of the concrete.
You’d constantly have to check if the entity
got out of it eventually.
You still wouldn’t be able to live in peace.
You could try drawing it out to a remote area
and gun it down, but you’ll find out that
doesn’t put it down for good, and what do
you do with the body?
I wouldn't get close to it.
Not to mention, this thing has invisibility,
and not just traditional invisibility.
If two people are observing the entity simultaneously,
and one is afflicted while the other is not,
this entity's visibility is different for
both observers.
The entity can also find you anywhere, anytime,
no matter what.
It doesn’t have NSA level access, it just
knows.
How.
Both of these things are theoretically impossible.
The resounding consensus in your mind is that
you have no idea what you’re dealing with.
I think we can admit that when you’re faced
with a supernatural demon that seemingly defies
the laws of physics, you’re not smart enough
to figure a way out of this.
So go buy a paintball gun at walmart.
Drive to a police station and get the attention
of the police once the entity is close.
Make sure your friends have cameras running
too.
Once the entity is close, light it up with
paint and film it.
The entity will now be visible to everyone
at the police station, social media, the news,
and within 24 hours the whole planet will
be aware of this entity.
Once the human race is collectively aware
of an entity that has incomprehensible powers
yet wastes it by walking around killing dumb
teens and street hookers, we can begin to
defeat it.
It’s a bit out of your hands at this point,
as they’d probably taze the entity for resisting
and throw it in a hulk cage that's monitored
24/7.
But how will the big brains discard the monster
after researching and stealing its technology?
Off the top of my head:
I mean i’m positive we will test every form
of weapons or conceived method of dematerializing
the entity, and something will work.
I mean a kid with a revolver could incapacitate
it.
If we can’t kill it conventionally, we can
continuously incapacitate it indefinitely.
The most extreme option though.
Is Test SpaceX’s latest rocket delivery
system by ejecting the payload on a trajectory
with the sun or Andromeda, or preferably a
black hole.
With this entity’s matter entering a black
hole, I think you can pat yourself on the
back and get a good night’s rest.
What do you think?
How would you kill the entity from It Follows,
let me know in the comments.
And while you’re at it, let me know what
other movies or games you want me to cover
like this.
Thanks for watching, later.